[Autogenerated] Hi, everyone.
My name is Craig Golightly and welcome to my course
designing for advanced Security within AWS.
I am a senior software consultant.
Designing for security is essential, especially in the cloud.
You want to keep things running smoothly and you don't want to be
the next company data loss story in the news.
In this course,
we're going to cover some best practices and key A W s services to help
keep your account secure and your applications protected.
If you're studying for the AWS Certified Solutions Architect professional exam,
you're in the right place.
Some of the major topics that we will cover include locking down your
accounts and users managing keys and certificates,
firewall protection and threat detection.
By the end of this course,
you will be able to secure your users accounts and applications
using robust and effective tools in a W s and have a solid
foundation for your exam preparations.
Before beginning the course, you should have a basic understanding of a W s.
I hope you'll join me on this journey.
To learn about securing your AWS resource is with the designing for advanced security within a W S course at Pluralsight